doc (database): UI updates and direct access (#963)
nhost/nhost: docs/docs/platform/database/index.mdx

Every Nhost project comes with its own [Postgres database](https://postgres.org/). Postgres is the world's most advanced open-source relational database and it's the most [popular SQL database for developers](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2021#section-most-loved-dreaded-and-wanted-databases).

There are three ways of managing your database:

1. Nhost Database UI (recommended).
2. Hasura Console.
3. [Connect directly to the database.](#postgres-access)

## Schemas

Generally, you should use the `public` schema for your project. It's also ok to add custom schemas for more advanced usage.

The two schemas `auth` and `storage` are reserved for [Nhost Auth](/platform/authentication) and [Nhost Storage](/platform/storage) to work. You're allowed to modify **permissions** and **add relationships**. However, never modify any tables or remove relationships that were added by Nhost inside the `auth` and `storage` schemas.

## Manage Tables

### Create Table

1. Go to **Database** in the left menu.
2. Click **New table**.
3. Enter a **name** for the table.
4. Add **columns**.
5. Select a **Primary Key** (usually the `id` column).

> 6. (Optional) Select an **identity** column (for integer columns only).

Author: Updated this. What do you think?

> 6. (Optional) Select an **identity** column (for integer columns only).

Reviewer: It's good, thanks 👍🏼

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Postgres Access

It's possible to access your Postgres database directly with your favorite Postgres client.

:::info

> For projects older than September 2022, it's not possible to connect directly to the database via a connection string. We're working on a one-click fix this this and expect the fix to be available in October 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects older than September 2022, it's not possible to connect directly to the database via a connection string. We're working on a one-click fix that can be expected to be available in October 2022.
```

## Backups

> Databases on the [Pro and Enterprise plans](https://nhost.io/pricing) are backed up automatically every day.

Reviewer: Maybe worth mentioning the exact time of the backup here (GMT).

Author: We'll skip it for now as it's not 100% deterministic, whereas "every day" is.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't mention more than "daily backups". If you say it is at 02.00 UTC people will start having opinions about it while if you leave it out they will mostly not care much about it.
